hello and welcome to night lights my
name is Peter Zaleski and I'll be your
guide on this video tour
this beautiful 1970 burger 75 foot
pilothouse motor yacht she's built of
aluminum been modified and restored by
its current owner to make it easy to
shorthand sale and cruise to be a lot of
fun to entertain on let's start the tour
at the transom and work our way forward
you can see the swim platform has safety
rails around it if we look underneath
the platform will see the stern thruster
what you can't see are the underwater
lights and camera go back up into the
cockpit there's a room for fishing and
diving there's a nice swim ladder over
there that allows you to get in and out
of the water easily up these stairs and
you have entry into the enclosed back
deck
from here you can see out it's a
beautiful view there are windows all the
way around to starboard you can see the
sofa there's a matching one to port as
we look forward you can see the galleys
been moved up to this deck there's an
island there with a big-screen TV above
it there's a smaller fridge over to the
side along with the second refrigerator
freezer dishwasher microwave stove
really nice galley countertops
and then on the starboard side you'll
see the stairway that leads up to the
bridge let's go up there and take a look
everything is covered when you were not
using the boat and we'd take the covers
off you'll see that you have full
instrumentation at the upper helm
there's a repeater for there firoun and
Abnett system and a great view from up
on top there's a davit to lift up the
dinghy up onto the deck and over to the
other side there is an emergency's
canister life raft as we go down below
and start moving forward again we're
into the pilot house full
instrumentation with dual screen firoun
Abnett system your radar depth sounder
chart plotting GPS that's the autopilot
and the remote control for the spotlight
these gauges monitor the all the liquids
on the boat fuel and water VHF radio
close up of the nav net screen wind
speed wind point along with a rudder
angle indicator there's a control for
the bow thruster and stern thruster that
were recently installed from West mark
there's a remote control for these units
so you can go off on either side of the
deck and control the boat as we drop
down for stairs we're into the main
salon furniture in here was custom-made
for the boat there's storage under the
sofa the table isn't a low position now
it can be popped up for dining or
playing games looking aft see that
there's a big-screen TV and there's a
closet just to the right of that
television and inside are all of the
entertainment systems the satellite
television beautiful stereo everything
you need to have a great time on the
boat owners cabin is all the way aft
I've got a king-size bed
those closets were on the full width of
the boat there's plenty of room for all
your gear there's a private head with
freshwater vac you flush toilet shower
stall beautiful countertops the VIP
guest room has twin beds there's another
head again with the back you flush
toilet and a shower stall
as we go further forward we get into the
guest quarters it's a double bed lounge
across from it just forward of that
couch is more storage and then over to
the port side you've got the bunk beds
now just forward of these bunk beds is a
third head and the showers all the way
up in the bow of the boat with another
vac you flush the toilet and a very nice
sink and vanity let's go back midship
drop down the engine room we have a
Westar Beek 15 kilowatt generator the
second generator across from it Northern
Lights 16 kilowatt unit main engines on
this boat are Detroit Diesel 12 B 71
naturally aspirated and they're rated at
525 horsepower here we are up on the
foredeck beautiful teak decks on this
boat big windlass it's a beautiful
vessel if you have any questions at all
please give me a call my name is Peter
Zaleski and I can be reached at six one
nine eight five seven two three four
nine thank you